AppCrazy Deformation Result
ori_appname:          CryptoPunk
ori_packagename:     False

Squatting Generation Models       Squatting Name
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
vowel_character_deletion                 cryptpunk
vowel_character_deletion                 cryptopnk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptaopunk
vowel_character_insertion                crypteopunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptoopunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptiopunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptuopunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptopaunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptopeunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptopounk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptopiunk
vowel_character_insertion                cryptopuunk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptapunk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptepunk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptipunk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptupunk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptopank
vowel_character_substitution             cryptopenk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptoponk
vowel_character_substitution             cryptopink
misspelling_mistakes_substition          kryptopunk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          crybtopunk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          crybtobunk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          crypt0punk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          cryptobunk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          cryptopumk
misspelling_mistakes_substition          cryptopunc
